---
title: "Markup: Syntax Highlighting Docs"
excerpt: "Post displaying the story of life"
last_modified_at: 2017-03-09T10:27:01-05:00
tags: 
  - code
  - syntax highlighting
---

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  hello readers. My name is Sujit Jadhav, 25 years old and this is my first time trying something like this. There would be mistakes, please ignore them and try to relate as much as possible. So basically, this story covers few instances of my life. The instances are related to love or friendship more often. And how I dealt with these things. Mostly, these are a bit heart touching and sensitive stories, where I decided to be with few people and lost many in the process. 
 </p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  The first instance i would say happened to me during my schooling. There was a friend to whom I got very close and those were the time when I understood what it takes to make life decisions. My friend and I shared everything, every good and bad part of day and life. We went out together, most often to do her daily chores. She always called me for some or the other help and ofcourse I always went to help her out. There was this one time when we were returning from some work and there was some issue with her cell phone, to which I told her that I would her out to fix it. And I tried to do it, but due to some reason, the phone didn't work and got worse. For this, here parents scolded her and asked her to have no contact with me. I sort of got this idea by talking to her and we soon began to talk less. This was the first time I lost someone, a very precious person. What hurted me the most was that she broke the friendship relation for this small thing, to which I decided to never see her again for life. 
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  The year went by and I met a new persopn altoghter. We were made to sit together by our teacher and being a naughty boy, I always irritated my parter. She was so used to it that she would shout someone else using my name(ofcourse it used to be a mistake, but due to her habit of alywas yelling at me). We seemed to be the best friends then, but then a something happened. I became insecure because of her talking to other boy/s, which made me angry. After which I decided to get away from her, changed my sitting place in a day, talked way to less with her and gave myself punishment of never seeing her again. 
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  What makes me an idiot here is that just to suffice my tiny ego and attitude, I left people. I left everyone of them who played with my feelings, who destroyed me when they didn't stood up for me when I always stood up for them. Sometimes, it is not about about ego and attitude, it is also about self respect and this was the main reason for me leaving people. This can be understood by the next event during my graduate studies. Being an introvert, I talked with less people and was never into making group of friends. But then life happened, where I met 3 girls and got close to them in a very short span of time. We even celebrated festivals, college events together wearing same kind of clothes; that was the level of our friendship. This was not only it; We also planned to go on a trip together, which every group does, but here I felt special because I was the only boy in the group. We trekked places together, went of eating junk food like everydays. Life seemed happiest as one of them helped me to get through my breakup. But, for how ling can a person be happy? The group decided to go on a trek without informing/inviting me, to which I thought that they can feel uncomfortable. So I accepted it, but later found out that they lied to me and enjoyed the trek with our another college friend, which made me furious. This was the line they could have not crossed which shattered me. From then on, I decided to not get involved in any of the activities with them, not to talk to any one of them, no replies to them. All this, just to save my self respect, which helped me at that moment as we became apart and moved ahead with out life. From then on, I never spoke to anyone in my remaining years of graduation. But the truth is, the two of them were still good friends and seeing them made me miss the time spent with them. I made the decision in anger and left them totally, which later on I thought of as a mistake. I still don't know whether it was a mistake or what I did was absolutely correct. I will leave that to you to decide. But the bottom line is, I still miss them a lot and would love to be in contact with all three of them. 
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  This was started to begin more of a habit than self respect thing. This one you can relate with your life closely. We all have made friends over the years. Some close, some best friends while some who only talk to you when they need you. From college time to working in a corporate, we get to know few of them. Say friends or colleagues. When we are with them, we enjoy a lot with them, we plan things with them. However, when we move from one job opportunity to another one, we somewhere forget the plans, not the people. The people are still in your life, but have a very limited contact with them. Yes, we say that they might be busy in their schedule and that is why we can't connect with them often. People totally believe this bullshit, if you are friends to someone, there would be less compromises and more of retardness in the form of enjoyment. We understand each and everyone, we understand our friends schedule, but compromising in friendships is a lot to take in. In this compromises, we either decide to go with the flow, or just say see you again - never.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  This is the final story in this post, a story which I am currently living in. Like many others, I didn't any contact with most of my work friends, but few chose to stay with me, connect with me. Few College friends with whom I chose to stay for my future. Life moved slowly into happiness and then things happened. I am studying Masters in Ireland, but had to come back to India due to COVID-19. Things were still sorted, but then, everyone few faces were revealed. One of my close friend, instead of supportine me in a right/wrong judgement, fair/unfair decisions, the negative was supported. I was surprised to know about this and my future plans with that person shattered. I am still in aww with the decision made by y friend, and still have no idea whether to trust that person anymore or not. At this time itself, I had fights with one of my close friend and we decided to not talk for sometime. The fight was due to few misunderstandings from my end, which I clarified, which I accepted and tried to sort it out. But, what my mind was going through for this kinf of decision could not be explained. Crying was only one thing which I could do. I am still unsure whether to leave this person or not. Will it be worth staying with person who made me cry for such small things, who left me in dry? The quesion is will I "See you again - Never" ?

</p>